
sample 2
15943 characters
----

This letter might surprise you because we have met neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe it is one day that you got to know somebody either in physical or through correspondence. I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the chambers of commerce and industry of your country on the net, you and your organization were revealed as being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. However, I am the first son of His Royal majesty, and the traditional Ruler of Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my father as compensation by the oil firms located in our area as a result of oil presence on our land, which hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. Unfortunately my father died from protracted diabetes.But before his death he called my attention and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary status. The lodgment security code number was also revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me in investing the money in a lucrative business as a result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move this money from the security firm to any Country of your choice for investment purpose. So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so that the funds can be moved in your name and particulars to any Country of your choice where it will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had intimated the security firm personnel that the beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so that we can discuss physically on investment potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. I hereby guarantee you that this is not government money, it is not drug money and it is not money from arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of confidentiality on this matter. I will give more details about the proceedings of this transaction as soon as I receive your favorable reply. Please reply to my Email Address. I hope this will be the beginning of a prosperous relationship between my family and your family. Nevertheless if you are for any reason not interested, kindly inform me immediately so that I will look foranother contact. I am waiting for your quick response. Yours faithfully
This letter might surprise you because we have met neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe it is one day that you got to know somebody either in physical or through correspondence. I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the chambers of commerce and industry of your country on the net, you and your organization were revealed as being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. However, I am the first son of His Royal majesty,Obong.D. Eleme , and the traditional Ruler of Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my father as compensation by the oil firms located in our area as a result of oil presence on our land, which hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. Unfortunately my father died from protracted diabetes.But before his death he called my attention and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary status. The lodgment security code number was also revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me in investing the money in a lucrative business as a result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move this money from the security firm to any Country of your choice for investment purpose. So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so that the funds can be moved in your name and particulars to any Country of your choice where it will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had intimated the security firm personnel that the beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so that we can discuss physically on investment potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. I hereby guarantee you that this is not government money, it is not drug money and it is not money from arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of confidentiality on this matter. I will give more details about the proceedings of this transaction as soon as I receive your favorable reply.  
Dear sir, It is with a heart full of hope that I write to seek your help in respect of the context below. I am Mrs. Maryam Abacha the former first lady of the former Military Head of State of Nigeria General Sani Abacha whose sudden death occurred on 8th of June 1998 as a result of cardiac arrest (heart attack) while on the seat of power. I have no doubt about your capability and good-will to assist me in receiving into your custody (for safety) the sum of US$25 Million willed and deposited in my favour by my late husband in a security and deposit company. Though my contact to you for this assistance is not anchored on any personal ecommendation, I pray your understanding, good will and sincere assistance to respond to this message with honest intensions and concern. This money is currently deposited here with a security company as miscellaneous awaiting collection and according to the agreement entered into at the time of deposit between my late husband and the Security Company at the time of deposit; the collection centre is in Ghana. As it is legally required, the administration of my late husband's properties is under the authority of the family's lawyer Tony Musa. My Dear JK, since the demise of my husband, the present regime has been probing my late husband's wealth and properties, the London Newsweek of 13th march 2000 referred. The investigating team led by Enrico Monfrini, the lawyer acting on behalf of the Nigerian government has so far submitted their report and presently, some liquid cash and assets, movable and immovable, have been frozen and seized both locally here and internationally and my last hope is rested on the immediate security of this fund in your custody. Also, Johnnie Cochran, the lawyer who defended OJ Simpson, has been brought in by the Abacha entourage to help them retain the disputed funds. Fortunately, our family lawyer had secretly protected the "Personal will" of my husband from the notice of the investigators and have strictly advised that the willed money be urgently moved into an overseas account of Trusted Foreign family friend without delay. For security reasons and f! urther advise,! no relations or fr! iends of ours should be used; as this is a measure of security. The government had earlier placed foreign travel embargo on all our family members and seized all known local and International outfits of our business empire. The situation has been so terrible that we are virtually living on the assistance of well-wishers. In view of this plight, I expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this "SOS" call to save my children and I from a hopeless future. I hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort, immensely, which will be discussed between you, the Attorney and I. On your immediate response, the Attorney will travel to Ghana where both of you will meet, and thereafter proceed to the deposit company for the claims. The documentations include, most importantly, Power of Attorney and Certificate of Deposit amongst few others. These documents will be sent to you by Fax, as you would have to present them for proper claims. Please, be rest assured that this transaction is completely safe and legal but must be kept strictly to yourself even after the funds have been secured into our custody. This is so because any leakage of information could ruin the whole transaction. Please all contacts must be made through my lawyer on his email: tony_m@lawyer.com This has to be so as he has been mandated to handle this matter and I have fully briefed him (my Attorney) on my contact to you. Due to my present circumstance, I have handed everything over to him to co - ordinate and finalize with you and I will communicate you as at when necessary. Please for the safety of this transaction, reply stating your phone and fax numbers to enable them contact you directly without running the risk of mail interception. I look forward to your quick response. Best Wishes, 
We are Top Officials of the Federal Government of Nigeria Contract Review Panel who are interested in importation of goods into our country and investing abroad with funds which are presently trapped in Nigeria. In order to commence this business we solicit your assistance, knowledge and expertise to enable us recieve the said trapped funds abroad, for the subsequent purchase and inventory of the goods to be Imported and the investment abroad. The source of this fund is as follows: During the previous military regimes in our country, government officials set up companies and awarded themselves contracts which were grossly over-invoiced in various ministries. The new civilian government now setup a contract review panel which i and my colleagues are members and we have identified a lot of inflated sum, due to our position as civil servants and members of this panel, we cannot aquire this money in our names. I have therefore, been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues of the panel to look for an oversea partner into whose account the sum of us$31,000 000,00 (thirty-one million united states dollars) will be Paid by telegraphic transfer. Hence we are writting you this letter. We have agreed to share the money thus: 1. 70% for us (the officials) 2. 20% for the foreign patner(you) 3. 10% to be used in settling taxation and local and Foreign expenses. It is this 70% that we wish to commence the importation business and the investment abroad. Please note that this transaction is 100% safe and we hope that the funds can arrive your account in latest ten(10) banking days from the date of reciept of the following information.A suitable company name and bank account(company or personel) into which the funds can be paid. The above information will enable us write letters of claim and job description respectively. This way we will use your company's name to apply for payments and re-award the contract to your company name. We are looking foward to doing business with you and solicit your confidentiality in this transaction. Please acknowledge reciept of this letter using this e-mail address.  I await your urgent response. NOTE: ALL CORRESPONDENCE SHOULD BE CONFIDENTIAL. 
I am Barrister Tunde Dosumu (SAN) solicitor at law. I am the personal attorney to Mr. Eton Simon, a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC)here in Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to me as my client. On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife And their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagbama Express Road. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost there lives. Since then I have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to track his last name over the Internet, to locate any member of his family hence I contacted you. I have contacted you to assist in repatrating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged, particularly, the CITI TRUST BANK where the deceased had an account valued at about US$14.7million dollars . The bank has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisicated within the next ten official working days. Since I have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 2 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$14.7 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this dealthrough. I guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.Please get in touch with me via my private email address to enable us discuss further. Or, call me on  Best regards
I ascetained your contact through a reliable source,In my search for a foreign partner to assist me in my business. I am William Drallo, the son of late former Minister Of Mines and Natural Resource during the time of Major Koromah, the former Military Head of State of the Republic of Sierra Leone, who was massacred by president Tijani Kabba force in their struggle to reinstate him back to power. I and my brother are refugee here in Accra,Ghana since the death of our father, because of the condition of his death.Before the death of my father some months ago he disclosed to me some money and gold he had deposited in a security company here in ghana. The total amount of money which happened to be$28.3000.000.oo,US Dollars.And gold at 200Kg of 22Karat all in a security vault in ghana. The document regarding this consignment was handed over to me by my father before his death, I carefully search and found the security Company where I confirmed that the consignment were deposited for safe keeping in their securit vault in ghana. The content were deposited as a family valuable, By virtue of right as the son of my late father, the security company has accepted to release the consignment factually. I am seeking your assistance because my father has declared the record with the security company stating that his foreign parrtner shall be the authorised person to make claim on this consignment becaues of his position in government on which no name was given by my father as his foreign partner. To this effect, I request to make the beneficiary of his consignment in your name as foreign partner to claim this consignment. For your assistance,I am ready to give you 10%from the total sum. This is a risk free transaction as my father deposited this valuable as a personal belonging. In this situation every process to completely move this valuable may not exceed (7) working days, if your co-operation to assist is sort.please include your phone and fax number for easy communication I shall be very grateful to hear from you, all documents concerning this are intact with me, please kindly reach me as soon as possible in email address
